if you can do a pistol squat a dragon
squat is actually not that far off you
have the strength you just need the
flexibility if you analyze the bottom
portion of a dragon squat it's literally
just your foot over your thigh so start
there figure four stretch but don't let
your tailbone lift into the air then
modified pigeons so you can build
strength in that stretched out position
then start putting it together keep your
foot on the ground as you go to get used
to the movement and you can push off of
the ground a little bit to give yourself
an assist then eventually you just don't
need it anymore oh hello oh it's for you
stay